Hi, Walker.
In this lecture, they're going to display the product description.
Now, to do this, they're gonna need to go back to the code and then the detailed directory and then
the detail page.
Okay.
Now we can use control and B to make this right.
Now, we're going to be doing this outside the raw, right?
Because the raw is for this test widget and this echo widget.
Right.
Okay.
So what we can then do is we can have a critical area.
Right.
Okay.
Within the column.
We can then.
It says widgets.
Okay.
So we can easily just copy the.
You can.
Sorry.
From here.
And we can use contra AC to copy.
In a way we can use control and veto peace.
So the next ten years we going to bring them to discussion.
This crucial right.
Okay, great.
Now you control an associate.
So now what we can just do is over here.
But it's cool because they cross us assignments, cross us elements to start.
Cross alignment or static is true.
So the trick in this country is to save.
Okay.
Now you can see this of a size is not going to the left to this edge because of we already have this
part in of a.
Despite it.
Right.
Okay.
So what we can also do, we can do same for this.
So we can use country and dots and rub this with the pardon.
Okay.
Wrap with.
Pardon.
Okay.
So is it a fall?
We can use a symmetric to say we only want to give for the right and top to bottom.
Okay.
So we're going to use the results here and we can see horizontal is.
It's going to be the same to us 25.
So it becomes it's close to the same size or the same points.
Okay.
So there's going to be a response.
Hard to be 25.
Okay.
Now use culture and excessive.
You're going to see it are the same sports.
Okay, great.
Now, what you can also do is we can have some style of air because this tie so close tie.
Right.
And it's going to be test time.
Okay.
We can first give a call or two.
This is going to be callers to Gray.
Gray.
Okay.
Hopefully I can spell.
Great.
Okay.
Then we can say that it's capacity of.
Capacity of zero deaths.
Seven.
Okay.
Now we're in this.
I think.
We are missing one additional parenthesis and add to trigger coma and additional coma and use control
and this to save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
I think we're just gonna get rid of this.
And probably a height of 1 to 7.
In case we have lots of tests.
She's going give some space.
Okay.
Now, what you can also do is you can say fonts.
Fonts.
Weeds.
Fonts, widths.
The words that the Syrian dread say it won't be that boat.
Okay.
I think this is way too weird.
I think this is okay.
Probably we can just do it like that and change the font size from the it's in us.
See, I going to look like.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
Yeah.
Probably 15 this year is going to look like.
Like.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
So in this lecture, we're going to be able to have the price and as well a bottle of air in it.
That's a hard this item to cost.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.